What is Emmet in HTML: -
	Emmet is a free add-on for your text editor that allows you to type shortcuts that are then expanded into full pieces of code.


What is CDN? Why do we use it?
	The primary purpose of a content delivery network (CDN) is to reduce latency, or reduce the delay in communication created by a network's design.


Why React is called React?
	it's called React because it reacts. It was developed by Facebook (a site that CONSTANTLY updates their data) to improve the user interface development and more effectively change (REACT to) what the user sees when they're doing things like mouse clicking, submitting and typing.

What is crossorigin in script tag: -
    Crossorigin provides support for CORS, defining how the element handles cross-origin requests, thereby enabling the configuration of the CORS requests for the element's fetched data.


What is the difference between react and react-dom?
	The react package holds the react source for components, state, props and all the code that is react.
The react-dom package as the name implies is the glue between React and the DOM. Often, you will only use it for one single thing: mounting your application to the index.html file with ReactDOM.render().


what is the difference between react.developement.js and react.production.js files via cdn?

1. react.development.js: This file is used during development and provides additional error checking and warnings. It includes helpful error messages and development-specific optimizations. It is larger in size compared to the production version due to the additional code required for these development features. However, it provides better debugging capabilities and aids in identifying and fixing issues during development. It is not recommended to use this version in a production environment due to the performance overhead and increased file size.

2. react.production.js: This file is optimized for production environments and is used when deploying your React application. It has been stripped of development-specific features, such as error checking and warnings, resulting in a smaller file size and improved performance. Using the production version of React helps reduce the overhead and makes the application load faster. It is the preferred version for deploying React applications in a production environment.


React.createElement: -
createElement takes three arguments name of the tag, attribute, third is children. createElement will return JavaScript object not the tag. When we create root.render() it replaces all content of the root div with whatever we pass in render function.
